Fix NotAuthorized default actions and clean the code (#100)
patternfly/react-component-groups: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/component-groups/examples/WarningModal/WarningModal.md

A basic warning modal is triggered when a user tries to perform an action that is deemed risky. 

You can customize the contents of the modal to fit your use cases. To adjust the text in the modal, pass your desired title to `title` and your message to the `<WarningModal>` component. To customize the action buttons in the modal, use `onConfirm` and `onClose`. 

For further customization, you can utilize all properties of the [modal component](/components/modal), with the exception of `ref`.

```js file="./WarningModalExample.tsx"

```

### Warning modal with a custom button variant

> You can apply custom variant to a warning modal's confirmation button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adjust the variant style of a warning modal's confirmation button. The following example uses the `danger`  button variant.
``` 
small wording tweak, otherwise looks good!

A basic warning modal is triggered when a user tries to perform an action that is deemed risky. 

> You can customize the contents of the modal to fit your use cases. To adjust the text in the modal, pass your desired title to `title` and your message to the `<WarningModal>` component. To customize the action buttons in the modal, use `onConfirm` and `onClose`. For further customization, you can utilize all properties of the [modal component](/components/modal), with the exception `ref`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the contents of the modal to fit your use cases. To adjust the text in the modal, pass your desired title to `title` and your message to the `<WarningModal>` component. To customize the action buttons in the modal, use `onConfirm` and `onClose`. 

For further customization, you can utilize all properties of the [modal component](/components/modal), with the exception of `ref`.
```
